[Integration][Sonarqube] Bug Fix send_paginated_request  pagination stops prematurely (#1252)
port-labs/ocean: integrations/sonarqube/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 0.1.121 (2024-12-19)

### Bug Fixes

> - Fixes bug in pagination, pagination to use total record count instead of response size, preventing early termination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug in the pagination logic to use total record count instead of response size, preventing early termination
```
